Sean Nguyen
Ezra Gere
Juana Michel
Edward Espinal
casGaming

<p>1. Dominate is a mobile app, created by IGN that will allow users to share their gaming experiences with others.  In addition to being a mobile app, users will also be able to share via a PC Console and is in the works of being available on multiple platofrms and social media.  The developers chose to use PhoneGap becuase of its mobile platofrom availability and its device specific functions.  
2.Cordova (PhoneGap) was chosen becuase it allows you to quickly build mobile applications and easily compile them without SDKs, compilers and hardware
3.IGN developers used Phonegap, Sencha to develop Dominate, an application that functions as a native application although it is a cross platform application. The developers used JavaScript and used the aforementioned application to translate their code for use on a variety of mobile devices and personal computers. 
4.The report by Michaels, Ross & Cole confirms that the cost incurred by IGN was minimal compared to what it would have been with native development. Although IGN did not use Cordova they did use a similar program called Phone gap and Sencha. The cost estimate in the report for a native program would be upwards of 150,000 dollars in a six-month period. So estimating a cost for a cross platform application such as Dominate, which is a hybrid application, may have cost a fraction of that price. Maybe in the tens of thousands range instead of hundreds of thousands. 
5. This app was developed as a mobile app by IGN; which is currently avaiable for iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad. However, PhoneGap also works in concert with the Sencha Framework, which is an open source tool used to create apps that look and feel native to iPhone, and other devicces, such as Android and Blackberry.
6.The PhoneGap article did not mention why they chose to make a mobile application instead of a standard website. I would think they did it for convenience for the users. A lot of console gamers do their gaming on couches in front of TVs so their computers may not be near them while they are gaming. The same goes for PC Gamers, they may only have one screen and if their game takes the whole screen they would not be able to access the website. Also because Dominate is meant to link friends together it would be convenient to have access to a mobile device's contacts list. 
7. Dominate is currently on iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad. They used PhoneGap so they could deploy Dominate on multiple mobile platforms. They are planning on bringing the app to Android while continuing to use a single code base. 
8. IGN brings up cross-platform for easier access to their audience. PhoneGap, as quoted by them, highlighted that IGN liked how the cross-platform nature looked native on different platforms, and didn't consider anyone else. If true, it certainly saves time than native development.
9. Companies designing apps for their own platforms could do native development. They wish to create a good app for their hardware. This would spread popularity of that piece of hardware; just as game consoles have exclusive games. It depends on the company and the goal. For IGN, however, native development would be a bad idea, as cross-platform would reach to more parts of their audience. Not everyone owns an iPhone in the game community.
</p>

